IA3.5 (#1004)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/node-running/how-tos/running-a-sequencer-coordinator-manager.mdx

---

> title: 'How to run a Sequencer Coordinator Manager'

Author: ```suggestion
title: 'How to run a Sequencer Coordinator Manager (SQM)'
```

description: Learn how to run a Sequencer Coordinator Manager terminal UI tool on your local machine.
sidebar_position: 10
content_type: how-to
---

> The Sequencer Coordinator Manager is a command-line tool that allows you to manage the priority list of sequencers, update their positions, add new sequencers to the list, and refresh the lists from the Redis server.

Author: ```suggestion
The Sequencer Coordinator Manager (SQM) is a command-line tool that allows you to manage the priority list of sequencers, update their positions, add new sequencers to the list, and refresh the lists from the Redis server.
```
